Lord General Army
Long time no see.
Wang Chongyang, I treat you well
Why did you come to slaughter me?
I admit that you are very capable
But just too soft-hearted
Embarrassed adults
Why don't you let me replace it?
To become the army
You're going to slaughter my whole family
Wang Chaoyang, you are dehumanizing
Sun of Violence
Even if I die, I won't let you succeed
Then you go to hell.
Suck myself
Never leave a single one alive
It turned out that the Wang family destroyed all my doors
I swear by Linze
Deadly with the Wang family
Young Master, this is the Wang family back then
Evidence of slandering Lord General Army and General Hua
The old man has thought of the abyss for them several times
Unfortunately, the Wang family has many forces in the center
I kept it.
Thunder shock
Develop the photo
In the hands of the Führer
I will pass this life
To clear their wrongs is
Dad, I'm off the plane
As soon as I heard that the lobster appeared colorful auspicious clouds
I bought the ticket as soon as I came back
Oh, isn't the colorful auspicious cloud just a legend?
Oh, you don't understand.
The lobster appears with colorful auspicious clouds, and the prophecy comes true
The one for me is about to appear